it is time for the final tournament
centre of day two of Protoss Anwar with
me rich Hagen and him Brian David
Marshall I can't believe your own that
hat anyway we have had an incredible day
here we've had so much fun in the Sun I
cannot tell you 16 rounds have gone 10
rounds of block constructed six rounds
of draft we have a top eight let's get
to the big board and show you two made
it in and we begin in eighth place with
who is noah schwartz PDM notice which is
a no SW he's a pro tour you know can I
you know rail bird I he had a really
interesting story he got his deck from
sri mosh wits about five minutes before
round one lots of testing then lots of
testing good to know that work he went
10 0 in block constructed you at 1000 in
block constructed unfortunately he went
2-4 and draft and that's the format from
the topping but this is this vmarchal
exact it's the second Pro Tour neuro is
he has really brought a great deck and
you can sees me talking about the deck
in a deck tech we did that is uh
available in the coverage page okay up
we go one to seventh place this is
jeremy Neiman he is from Australia only
the third Australian ever to make a
prototype ate one of those previous 2
though is of course a world champion mr.
Tom champagne okay so Jeremy Neiman in
with a shout incredible story for him
let's got to number six a more familiar
face PDM who we got we've got actually
one of the most experienced players in
this top eight yep in terms of actual
Pro Tour played he's tied with another
player here with 23 Pro Tours yeah like
six years worth of pts roundabout he's
got seven GP top aides to his resume
keturah uh-uh kuch Sokka he went 631 and
Lachlan green-white eldrazi ramp but
he's one of a handful of players this
topic who's 60 delimited portion
so a champion 2003 Japanese national
charity he's raised to trophy before his
number five you're getting sick of
seeing his face right I never get tired
of snow no I he is generally one of the
nicest guys in magic one of the best
guys in magic I hope you've had a chance
to check out the podcast some of the
great feature matches he's been involved
with we've been covering him a lot this
weekend with good reason this man
delivers we also did a draft hack with
him he went 60 and limited another
player who knows his way around a draft
table should be interested see this is
only his fourth Pro Tour that is
extraordinary isn't it because he gave
you Dan Harmon last year when its ninth
I need to see one thing in this bitch
you see this channel fireball thing ok
let's go on to the next guy see here
we've got here oh you see this channel
fireball thing wait it's josh of their
latent raptor online 24 year old
software engineer fighting about nine
pro tours he does not have a top aide at
any level of real-life competition i
mean if it's an online event you can
pretty much expect him to be winning it
doing well well that's how he got here
he is a magic online pro tour qualifier
qualifier and with one other play he's
the first player to make it into the top
eight of the main event having qualified
in his Jimmy jammies back at home all
right he went someone 12 and block also
oh yeah yeah his rogue decklist the this
is the channel fireball red blue green
decklist we get a deck tech with them
you should check that deck out that deck
was amazing it does some really insane
stuff you've got to hear Josh talk about
his turn 3 that he ended up with an
oracle of mul daya and adjacent play
that is very true this guy by the way he
just seems to be sitting and saying it's
okay be damned you go ahead you carry on
talking to each other Layton you carry
on talking about guitar otsuka all these
other Brad Nelson's in the top eight I'm
18 just I'm in my first PT ever
everything's fine too too cool for
school I believe you referred yet yeah
he's just he doesn't seem very fazed by
this he reminds me a lot of our Valencia
Pro Tour champion Remi 14 our body of
course was only 16 in 2007 g ola 18
years old on thursday 7 12 and block
with mono red a half 51 and dress still
not exactly shabby i believe you
no our number-two seed here he comes
Kerching five words for the first time
ever he has more top 8 than words in his
name yeah this is sick this is his sixth
Pro Tour topic in just 23 Pro Tours
crazy more than twenty-five percent of
the time that he plays on a pro tour he
is going to make the topic want to know
what the average is 400 people playing
every Pro Tour 8 make the top eight
that's one in 50 he makes it one in four
he's 12 times as good as the average on
the Pro Tour and he kind of he was not
looking very likely to make the top a to
this event after an 02 start and
constructed he lost his first two rounds
he then went on an 80 running
constructed he he went 5-1 and limited
and his last match was amazing Dave Gus
can cover that within the coverage I was
just an amazing match against another
Brazilian Mahan yeah so the Brazilians
know Winnie Adel at this event but will
you do was actually why bring me back
that's right he was that he was there in
the feature match area so who is our
number one seed here he comes from
Europe it is yeaah matignon of France
he's not smoking by the way I know he's
French that's a pen all right and that
is a giddy smile oh yeah he has been on
cloud nine too rowdy too he's been a
virtual lock for the top eight and
trying to like suppress a skip in his
step everywhere he walks a smile on her
face here's someone who's having a great
time he absolutely is he's also now this
is pretty scary he is the granddaddy of
the top eight at 29 if you're 30 wow you
need a walking stick to get around this
place by the way when the decklist go up
you need to look at his decklist or
block constructed he is playing a truly
bizarre deck it looks
round of like sneeze beastmaster deck
but it's like rug master because it's a
blue red green Jason's got unified well
he's got em recalled Hatcher in the
necklace that's the five casting cost 33
in case you're thinking didn't I cashed
that in sealed because it was alright in
seal yes you did and yes it was his that
his back looks fantastic he's got a
weakening zone it does not look like any
of the other debts you've seen real
really interesting back really good guy
that's your top e so let's count it up
Europe Brazil Europe again USA USA USA
Australia Japan a real global top page
yeah a great topic and then you know
what we're going to find out tomorrow is
watching this guy's draft what's in
there what's in there and what they're
really hoping is that in there bit of a
bit of hot Gideon action that's what
they really hoping for yeah they like
that pack to be true advertising for its
content absolutely those eight will come
back tomorrow these two will come back
tomorrow the hat mean boss hogg the hat
will not come back tomorrow you have my
word until we meet again for the live
webcast 1045 a.m. eastern set your
clocks wherever you are in the world it
will be great to have you with us at the
best day in the magic year it's pro tour
sunday we cannot wait we will see you
very very soon fine David Marshall rich
Hagen saying bye
you